HW 4: Due 11:59PM December 2nd

**There will be no reviews for this Homework**

Feel free to give answers collectively, and also if you want to, you can call 
out something specific to yourself different from your pair.

(a) What languages did you use in this course? 

We used C++, Python, GO, Ruby, Scala, and Elixir.

(b) Which one of those you used for the first time?

Deandre: I used Go, Ruby, Scala, and Elixir for the first time during this course. 

Brian: I used Python, GO, Ruby, Scala, and Elixer for the first time. I only knew C++ going into this course.

(c) What are your impressions about all the languages that you used (compare
and contrast in your view)?

C++ was the language we were both most comfortable in, but it turned out
to be one of our least favorite of the 6 languages we used during the
course. After getting to use dynamic languages like Ruby and Elixir, which have very little ceremony and were very easy to pick up.

Go was definetly the most difficult language to work with. The first
night we used it to work on the first homework assignment we spent hours
trying to get the fibonacci function to work. After we got the hang of
it, the language wasn't too bad but it was very difficult for us to get
any work done initially.

Brian: My partner already knew Python, but for me it was my first time and the first time I used a dynamic language. I enjoyed using the langauge so I learned more about it out of class.

Deandre: Python is my favorite language at the moment so I try to use it
every chance I get. It is always really easy to learn to use something
new in python so it is always nice to write code in. If anything this course made it love it even more.

We both really enjoyed using Ruby more than any other language we tried
during the course. It was very easy to pick up and had a syntax similar
to python, which were were both comfortable using by the time we decided to
choose Ruby as our next language. Both look forward to learning more
about it going foward.

We origanally thought that assignment 4 would be a lot harder since we had quite a bit of trouble with the functional stuff in assigntment 1. However, using Elixir which is a purely functional language, we really did not have to think if we were mutating or not, since the langauge does not allow it, and it turned out to be very easy to do.

(d) What did you learn mostly in this course (I'm interested in hearing
your views, things you realized, things you found interesting, things
you did not like so much about any particular language, etc.)?

Brian: I used to think that learning a new langauge would take months and assumed that each language did stuff very differently like loops and syntax. Now I learned that it is really easy to jump into any language now that I jumped straight in all these new langauges. I only used C++ before this class, which is a static language. Now, after programming in all these dynamic languages I never want to go back to any static langauges. I actually had a lot of fun programming in these dynamic langauges epecially Ruby because everything just flowed so effortlessly. I just programmed and did not have to worry about all these little details. Lastely, I found functional programmingvery interesting, I 

Deandre: My friends and I always talk about how the most important thing
we learn in university isn't really course work but instead how to learn
and teach yourself new things so was really exciting to take that concept
and apply it in a way I hadn't really done so far in my academic career.
I honestly believe that this is one of the one of the best courses in
the department because it encourages students to learn by giving us the
freedom to pick our partners, languages, and which way we go about
solving problems. I personally learn the best this way so it was really refreshing to not have to attend
lectures every other day and instead have the freedom of teaching myself
at my own pace. It was also really nice working with a partner instead
of on my own for a change. Having another person to catch an issue
I've been overlooking and bouce ideas off of on how to tackle a problem
we've been stuck on was really cool. We both made use of our individual
strengths and problem solving times at different points during the
course so it never really felt like any one person was doing more work
than the other.
